+++
title = "Usage"
description = "Let's see how to use it in your program"
date = 2021-09-27T13:45:16Z
updated = 2021-09-27T13:45:16Z
draft = false
weight = 3
sort_by = "weight"
template = "projects/page.html"

[extra]
lead = "Let's see how to use it in your program"
toc = true
top = false
current_index = 3
+++

### Building URL

imgScrape.build\_url(search)

This is to compose a google search URL for your search term. To specify
your search term use search argument of the function to build the URL.

**Usage** :

``` python
from gimagegrabber import imgScrape

searchTerm = "kamikaze eminem"

url = imgScrape.build_url(searchTerm)
print(url) #FOR DEBUG PURPOSE
```

### Getting Source Data

imgScrape.browser(url, test=False)

This to start a browser windows and scroll down the webpage to let more
pictures load.It returns a raw source code data of the webpage encoded
in *utf-8* format. It takes 2 arguments url and test .

1.  url is the url of the page it needs to open.
2.  test is to make the browser scroll down less thus taking less time
    to return the source code. This is useful when you are writing or
    debugging something in your script.

It uses Chrome or Firefox to work so make sure you have Google chrome or
Firefox installed at their default directory.

Sometimes you might need to click on **show more images** on webpage to
load even more images

If you cant seem to open browser make sure you are on 64-bit OS and that
you have chrome or Firefox installed.

If you are on 32-bit processor you need to use Firefox and you also have
to download 32 bit driver from
[here](https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases) and replace it
with the already present **geckodriver.exe** saved in **driver folder**
of the gImageGrabber Module folder.

**Usage** :

``` python
from gimagegrabber import imgScrape

searchTerm = "kamikaze eminem"

url = imgScrape.build_url(searchTerm)
raw_data = imgScrape.browser(url)
print(raw_data) #FOR DEBUG PURPOSE
```

### Extracting Links

imgScrape.imageLink(html)

This extracts the original link of the images from the html(source code)
provided. html is the source code of the google image search page. It
returns a dict with format **[ link : file extension ]** . If you want
it in **[file extension : link]** you can use imgTools.invDict()\`
function from imgTools

**Usage** :

``` python
from gimagegrabber import imgScrape
from gimagegrabber import imgTools

searchTerm = "kamikaze eminem"
debug = False

url = imgScrape.build_url(searchTerm)
raw_data = imgScrape.browser(url,debug)
links = imgScrape.imageLink(raw_data)
print(links) #FOR DEBUG PURPOSE
print(imgTools,invDict(links)) #FOR DEBUG PURPOSE
```

### Saving Images

imgScrape.saveImages(data, name, onlyType)\`

This saves all the images given to it in a list of format **[link: file
extension]**.

It takes 3 arguments:

1.  data This is to provide dictionary containing links to images in
    format **[link: file extension]**.
2.  name This is to provide the name for the folder under which images
    will be saved.
3.  onlyType If you want only a particular file extension then use this
    mention that. If not, then pass it a empty string or just don't use
    that argument.

The format in which it saves images is

    Root folder
    |-- Search Term
        |-- file extension(eg 'jpg')
            |-- 000001.jpg
            |-- 000002.jpg

**Usage** :

``` python
from gimagegrabber import imgScrape

searchTerm = "Kamikaze"
extension = '' #save all types of images

url = imgScrape.build_url(searchTerm)
raw_data = imgScrape.browser(url)
links = imgScrape.imageLink(raw_data)
imgScrape.saveImages(links,searchTerm,extension)
```

Example Code
------------

This code is included in the package as simpleScript.py.

``` .python
from imggrabber import imgScrape

# Search term
search = 'kamikaze eminem'
fType = ''  # if you want all the files them make it empty string
debug = False

html = imgScrape.browser(imgScrape.build_url(search), debug)
data = imgScrape.imageLink(html)
imgScrape.saveImages(data, search, fType)
```

